and then going on to the next page
staples provides in their plan pages
just some well planning pages and it's
just for you to kind of mark down goals
and stuff but I find that this is more
important to me is the week on two pages
and as you can see we have a lot going
on this week but what I really wanted to
show you more than anything else is how
I use my week again I mentioned before
that I'm the type of person that I just
need to see everything all in one place
I can't I will not remember to go
through and you know look at each one of
these tabs every single day and so I
needed one kind of central location for
everything and so I have my week that's
my week is what that's going to be in
each day I'm just going to use it as
kind of a checklist for my schedule my
to-do list everything that I need but
then I also have this this is my daily
checklist
I call it my dailies it's everything
that I need to do Monday through Friday
through Sunday whatever morning and
night years and years and years ago when
I first got married I I was I didn't
know how to I didn't know how to do
things because I was very young when I
got married and so I joined flylady and
I loved her system of routines and just
kind of you know having a morning to-do
list and kind of a launch pad thing so
I've always that for a long time so I
have everything here and it all kind of
seems very duh like of course you should
know to do all of this stuff but there
are days where I'm running around crazy
and I don't know where my head is much
less what I need to do next and so I
find this very helpful but rather than
have to write it down every day I made
it in this in I made it on my computer
and then I just laminated it and punched
it and on this side I have my weekly
stuff what I need to do each day so down
here I have listed weekly chores in the
evening
and then oh so I just flip over here so
I keep this here it acts as a marker for
which day of you know which week I'm in
I can just automatically turn to it I
have a little flag here today so that
when my planner is closed
I just open it up right there and so
that is very handy and I can mark that
off with a marker and wipe it off later
if I want also I have these that I
printed out from eat at home cooks calm
she has these really cute printables
they're blue and green and they're made
to go on 8 and 1/2 by 11 paper but I had
to shrink it down on my copier so it
came out in black and white but it's
fine it works out well and its really
cute you've got you know you can put
your daily meal plan here you can put a
grocery list here if you like you know
if you just need to get a few items or
if you need to remember to transfer that
to your master grocery list or whatever
you can do that and I have it
double-sided and what I've done is I've
punched it on both sides and folded it
in half so that way it doesn't cover up
the rest of my week and I can just kind
of keep this in here as a reference but
I don't have it written down in two
places I don't have it written down in
my menu tab and then I come here and I
have to write it down that just it just
saves me a step to have it here because
I need things to be very quick very
simple or I'll forget to do them or I'll
just get lazy and not feel like doing
them and then what's the point because
at that point it's just you know you're
not utilizing it and so you're not going
to be very organized and then I have
post-its that you know this one I had on
my dashboard
and then I moved it once I had a date
picked out for that activity which
happens to be my son's birthday party
he's 14 I can't believe it I just you
know peeled it off stuck it on that day
and that's what that's what that is so
anyway I have all these that's my
calendar it's oh and these are tasks
things their task pad that you also get
their arc staples they're made by them
and they come in these really thick
tasks task pads and I just keep a few of
them kind of spread out
and throughout and then also I have some
in the back here and so you can see here
I just have a thin stack in here because
I don't want it to take up too much room
but anyway what I've done is when I'm
doing things for the calendar and I come
up with something like let's say I get
an email about something that's coming
up in two months and I'm like oh I
really need to follow up on that so I've
created I just created a little pending
thing here so for instance in February
have a couple of projects that are
pending and so I'm waiting out I'm
waiting on some things that I had
emailed and it's specifically for some
dates in February so when I get to
February I can know right away oh I need
to check on those so I just have this
little pending thing here and then I'm
not super I'm not a super decorator so I
just did washi tape at the bottom
they're different for each month I don't
know if I'll continue to do that or not
but it does look cute so maybe I will so
then I have projects and projects again
I have a little sticky note here that
has the keys so that way I'm like I
don't know I don't remember where I had
that key at and it's just right here so
on my to-do list
these are to-do lists by by arc and so
far these are working well for me I just
wrote down each task and then instead of
I like to cross things off because
checkmarks I don't see them and so I'll
forget I need to know right away that I
did that so I just cross off but they
have this handy check mark tab so I put
the date of when it was completed there
because this is not a to-do list that I
need to do today this is a to-do list
that just needs to get done at some time
and so here I color-coded it by priority
us to homework Church personal school
and then over here I put the date of
when they were completed for my
reference when this is full there's a
second side so they are two-sided so I
can just flip the page or probably what
I'll do because I don't use this top
line is I'll probably just flip it over
like that and do the same
that way but now I just have that in
here one thing that I like about the Ark
is that knees are easily you don't have
to open you don't have to do this you
just tear it out then you can replace it
occasionally if you are doing that a lot
these things will get if you can see
here they do get a little bent and so
they don't have they're sticky or not
sticky but like they won't just stick in
there very well but that really only
happens on things that I've noticed on
things that I use quite a bit but just
for a short amount of time so they're
otherwise anything that is in here is in
here so it doesn't bother me that much
that it does that anything that I feel
like I'll be using a lot that I don't
want it to come out
I can laminate it like I did for my
weekly list and then that saves that in
my projects list I have two more tabs
here these are projects that are
long-term and so I have separate
sections in here they're not necessarily
to-do lists they're things that I just
want to be able to flip too quickly and
so and I can always put you know extra
things in here so and once again I've
got post-its back here washi tape just
to decorate in an add color